This tool crashed the stock market a few
weeks ago and it's not a new AI model.
It's a feature inside Claude called
Co-work and I've been testing it on my
actual business. It's organized my
files, chopped my podcast into shorts,
reviewed my entire email strategy, and
then drafted an eight email campaign,
posted straight to notion, all while I
made my coffee. So, today I'm going to
walk you through everything it did. But
the demo where it analyzed 10 of my
podcast episodes and found 12 content
gaps I'd completely missed. Well, that
one genuinely changed how I'm planning
my next quarter. So, if you haven't
heard of Cowwork yet, quick version,
Anthropic, the company behind Claude,
has this tool called Claude Code and
developers are obsessed with it. But
then non-technical people started using
it too for everything. organizing files,
planning holidays, managing their entire
businesses. So, Anthropic was like,
"Okay, yeah, let's get Claude Code to
build this for everyone." And that's how
co-work came about. So, it's the same AI
brain, same power, but you don't need to
know what a terminal is. And honestly,
when I say it crushed the stock market,
I'm not being dramatic. software stocks
dropped billions because investors
realize this thing can do a lot of what
other SAS tools can do for 20 bucks a
month. And I'm going to show you how to
use it. All right, first up, I'm going
to quickly run through the difference
between Claude Chat, Claude Cowwork, and
Claude Code. And yes, I did make this
interactive artifact using Claude chat.
So Claude chat is where a lot of people
hang out particularly when they first
start using Claude. So that's in the
browser or it could even be in your
desktop. This is where you're asking
questions, you get answer, create
content, that sort of thing. And it's
all in the chat window. This is like
super user friendly and it's just got a
little breakdown here. It's best for
writing and editing content,
brainstorming strategy. The limitations
here are that it can't access your files
directly. It's one response at a time,
copying, pasting, unless you're using
connectors. And then moving over to
co-work, which is such an upgrade
because it's basically the bridge
between claude chat and claude code. So,
what's really cool about this is that
you can give it access to your files. It
can help with organizing and renaming
files, creating documents, spreadsheets,
repurposing content across platforms,
video editing, and batch processing. And
it's really friendly for non-technical
founders. And then finally, we've got
Claud code over here. If you want to
build it up, Claude Code, like you can
just do basically whatever you want with
Claude code. That's how I feel about CL
code, but the learning curve for it is a
lot steeper. So, it is great at writing
and debugging code, building entire
systems and workflows. There are people
out there using it for marketing
content, all sorts of stuff. So, it
definitely isn't just coding and
applications. How people who have never
opened a terminal, it is really kind of
intimidating. So, code, as I said
before, bridges that gap. So, here's a
nice breakdown. I'll actually drop this
into the YouTube description, too, cuz
this gives a really nice visual
breakdown of what each of these can and
can't do and some features. All right,
so let's open co-work in our desktop
app. This is our Claude chat window. And
in the desktop app, access now if you're
on a Mac to co-work as well as Claude
code. Jumping over here, just a few
things. So model pickers here, extended
thinking, we've got access to Sonnet
4.5, Haiku 4.5, as well as Opus 4.6.
This is one of the key features, right?
We can now interact with Claude co-work
in our folders. So I'm going to give
this one access to my downloads. So the
first thing I'm going to show you how to
do is clean up your downloads folder.
When co-work first dropped, that was the
very first thing I got it to do. It's
been like 3 weeks and my downloads needs
another cleaner. So, let's get it to do
that today. Can you please sort my
downloads folder out for me? And then
you can see over here. So, it's starting
up this task. It will create a to-do
list over here where it kind of plans
out what it's going to do and then works
off that to-do list here. Folders and
files that it has access to and then any
context here. So if you're working on
maybe a marketing activity, you could
have brand voice guide, content pillars,
all of that sort of stuff in that
context here. All right. So it's
accessed my downloads here and it's got
69 loose files that it needs to clean
out. All right. And then the really cool
thing about this is before it starts to
do anything, it asks you questions. So
it asks you questions here about what it
is going to do for you. And this is kind
of like plan mode in claude code if you
are familiar with that. If you're not,
it's all good. So how would you like me
to sort the loose files into the
existing folders into a stated subfolder
or just by file type? So the first time
Claude Co-work did this, it made these
beautiful folder system for me. So we're
just going to do that. All right.
There's an incomplete download. And so
one thing I've done here is as a safety
feature, I have it set up so it's not to
delete any files, what it does is
reviews them and then puts them into a
folder that is for me to review for
deletion because I don't want it to
accidentally delete a whole bunch of
stuff that I do not want it to delete.
So that's how I'm getting it to kind of
look at stuff, duplicates, that sort of
thing. But I'm like, "Hey, just put
those into a folder. I'll review them
and then manually delete." So, you can
see here in this progress bar, it has
created a to-do list that it's now
working through. Sweet. So, it's all
done here. If we see this now, all of
that progress has been ticked off. It's
given me a breakdown of all of the files
that it has moved. Amazing. So, that's
just one tiny way that co-work can help
you organizing, renaming files, that
sort of thing. Let's get into one of my
favorite ways to use. So, if we jump
back over here, you can see all these
tasks that I have completed previously.
And if you want to start a new task, you
just go up here. The cool thing about
co-work is that you can run tasks in
parallel. So, you can have a bunch of
stuff going at once. It can be working
on that stuff while you're working on
something else and come back and that's
all ready and waiting for you. Another
cool way to use co-work kind of
capitalizing on the fact that it can
access your folders is to get it to cut
your long form down into short form
clips. So I posted about this on threads
the other day and the thread went off.
It got like 30,000 views and I had
people who were like, "Oh my god, this
is amazing." And then I had other people
who were like, "You didn't. It didn't do
that." So anyways, I dropped one of the
short form clips where I walked through
this and they were like, I stand
corrected. So this is one that if you,
you know, you have podcast, YouTube,
that sort of thing, and you want to Tik
Tok, Instagram, LinkedIn, Twitter, X,
whatever, this is amazing. And I'm just
going to walk you through exactly what I
did. So I just asked it. I was like, are
you able to edit videos? And Claude came
back and was like, I can do trimming,
create simple animations. I was like,
can you pull out byte-size clips from my
podcast for socials? And so basically
what I gave it access to was the video
that I wanted clipped. And so it was
like, okay, this is like a 22minute
video. And what it tried to do first was
transcribe it itself. Because it's a raw
video, it was having trouble to do that.
I'm sure there's skills out there that
could do that. If you had this on
YouTube, you would be able to grab that
link and just transcribe it for you.
I'll give you the video transcript and
then you can kind of look at in that
transcript what are five amazing clips
that we could pull out with the key
points. And then it was like here's five
key points and it was like I'll create
five vertical clips in 9 to6 ratio for
Tik Tok and reals. And so you can see
here it's like that high energy intro
and these are the key energy points that
I was like these are worth clipping. So
I dropped the transcript down and then
here they are. Slop is killing your
brand. Lazy AI will damage your brand.
Agency A versus agency B. AI is a
mirror. And then AI is not a
replacement. It's an amplification. So
and it I love this. It's pulled out why
it works and a quote here too. So then
it's just gone and cut these clips. And
if I open these for you, you will see
what these. And this is really cool too.
I love this about co-work once it's
completed something, it will give you
this summary of what it's done. So it's
named these which is meaningful. The AI
slop is killing your brand. Lazy AI
damages your brand. That sort of thing.
So I know if I'm in that folder, I'm
just like, "Oh yeah, that one." And it's
got the length of them here. And it also
created captions and calls to actions.
So let's open this now. And because I
did that file clean, I'm just going to
have to open it manually. And then you
can see here it has created these
captions, hashtags, and also it has put
that is my many chat automation word so
that people get sent the podcast. So
good. And then what I love too is it has
so they're ready to go. And then it's
given me these posting strategy tips as
well. Best times for my audience and the
hashtags notes as well. So useful. All
right, I'm going to show you a couple
more which are creative and just ways
that you probably haven't seen Claude
co-work be used. All right, so
continuing on with the podcast. So you
can see here these are all connectors,
right? These we want it working in the
tools that we are using. This is where
you actually get leverage with AI. So,
I've got all these connectors here,
Gmail, Drive, Calendar, Gamma. So, I
record all of my podcasts and they sit
in a Google Drive in my Fathom
Transcripts and analyze the past, let's
say, four episodes. No, let's go 10
episodes and be like, what themes am I
repeating? What are some angles that I
haven't hit before? So, let's do that.
Can you go into my Google Drive Fathom
folder and find the last 10 transcripts
titled podcast? What I want you to do is
analyze my podcast themes and episodes
and give me an idea of repeated themes,
any angles that I've missed and some
ideas for some new episodes and some
insight. So here I've just let it know
that the overall document drive is
called Fathom and the documents inside
will be called podcast. So, it's found
the documents and it's created this
to-do list. So, it's going to fetch the
podcast, analyze recurring themes,
identify missed angles, content gap.
Let's see how it go. All right. So, it's
done its thing. That probably took about
5 minutes. It's identified seven
recurring themes, 12 content gaps, which
is probably one of the most useful
things for me, 15 new episode ideas, and
seven strategic insights. And it's also
created this HTML dashboard. So, let's
open this up. Okay, so 10 episodes
analyzed. Let's cut the word count
there. All right, so these previous
episodes. Let's see what it said for
recurring theme. AI strategy versus AI
use. Anti-AI slop authenticity
automations and workflows in NAN women
in AI. Oh, I love this. All right,
missed angles. So, this is obviously
something that will be super useful for
me. AI pricing and monetization, client
experience and delivery with AI. AI
failures. And then I like this. It's got
high, medium, and then opportunities.
Oh, this is great. And then new episode
ideas. This is amazing. Like I will
actually be using. And then strategic
insight. This is so helpful because it's
used my transcripts, right? I can get it
to go out and get the context from my
Google Drive. And this is awesome. So
cool. Okay, so we've done file cleanup,
podcast chopping, short form videos,
podcast transcript analysis. Now, the
next couple of things I'm going to show
you are going to blow your mind even
more than what I've shown you so far.
So, if we come down here and hit the
plus button, we have all of these
connectors, which I touched on Google
Drive before, but there is a new feature
now called plugins. So, let's open this
up. And basically this gives you access
to a whole bunch of plugins. And as it
says here, these are to customize your
claude with custom skills, commands, and
agents. So at the moment, I've got
access to plugins by anthropic, but you
can also add your own. You can add in
some from a URL and also there are
plugins available on GitHub. Now what
these do, so here's one for customer
support. There's one for data, finance,
legal. Let's grab this marketing one and
installed. Okay, so that installed in a
second and let's just jump up here to
manage plugin and open this up. The
description of this, so it's to create
content, plan campaigns, analyze
performance across marketing channels,
maintain brand voice consistency, track
competitors, and report on what's
working. So, this is starting to feel
more a team member, right? Like this
does loads of different things. It has
access to skills. So there are five
skills in this plugin. So brand voice,
campaign planning, competitive analysis,
content creation, and analytics. And
then these shortcuts, what these do is
if you type this shortcut into Claude
Co, it will go and do this thing, which
is very similar to slash commands in
Claude code. So basically, it's just
literally what it says. It's a shortcut
to go and do that thing. So you don't
have to prompt it. You can just hit the
shortcut and it will go. So, if we just
test this out now, I'm just going to go
review content against my brand voice.
And we'll just see how it goes because I
haven't given it any context here. And
so, you can see up here too. So, the
marketing plugin, it has all of these
options here because we're within this
now. All right. So, it's got the brand
review setup. And what's really cool is
I didn't give it any of my documents. I
just gave it access to the downloads
folder and it has picked out my voice
and style guide. Then what I did was I
asked it to go check my emails in my
marketing dashboard in notion. So all of
my emails get planned and they sit in
notion foruling. So I was like can you
review the last five emails and
highlight areas of opportunity and plan
a campaign promoting my next upcoming
workshop. So it's just gone and done
that. It's giving me a score here, 7.9
out of 10. My voice is fundamentally
strong. So, it's highlighted here. And
this is interesting because I know that
my click rate would agree with this. So,
the biggest single opportunity is
upgrading my CTAs. And it's pulled out,
I guess, one email here that is a
standout. And then it's given me a
campaign plan, eight emails over 9 days.
All right. And then it's created this
HTML dashboard. So, let's have a look at
this now and see how it looks. Overall
pattern and opportunities. Okay, this is
cool. Again, it's so useful. It's giving
me a score on the email, which is a
really nice way to just see a summary
here. It's saying that my CTAs are too
soft and then also the biggest strength
here, which is really useful because as
I create new email campaigns, all right,
and then it's gone and done the
individual email reviews. So full
breakdown here and also it's like here's
the before and after. And then finally
overall patterns and opportunities. So
the recurring strengths is my permission
giving tone which is really aligned with
my brand. Concrete actionable steals in
every email because I do like my emails
to be super high value. So you know it
doesn't matter if you're going to work
with me or not, you're going to get
something out of these. And I will drop
the link to my free email list down
below. Recurring weakness is the calls
to action which is something that I can
easily back on. And so you can see here
I've got the marketing plugin now in
this chat window. So I'm just going to
grab that and hit the email sequence
here now. So this is part of the plugin,
right? So this is the skill within the
plugin. So I'll say, can you draft the
as per the above campaign plan? And now
it's running the skill and it will go
ahead and draft those campaigns for me.
And what I really like about co-work is
the way that it functions so similarly
to Claude code. So it's drafted, it's
loaded my brand voice and style guide,
but then what it's doing is it's running
these in parallel. So these are subs
working on batch one and batch two. So,
it is going to post these to notion now
so I can review them. And so, these
eight emails are now sitting here in my
notion dashboard ready for me to review
and they're all tagged. This is amazing.
All right, so we've done file sorting.
Okay, so it's gone through my emails
here and then I was like, can you teach
me how you work? And so basically
anytime I'm chatting with Claude, I can
say add this to my task list and it will
add it to the task list here. And the
memory now grows over time as well. And
then anytime I want to view this in the
dashboard, I can. And I just use this
slash command and that will bring
everything into sync. So let's just say,
okay, what do I have outstanding for the
rest of the week? I should probably also
connect my calendar here too. Can you
please also make sure you are
referencing my calendar. This is
absolutely born out of Claudebot. I feel
this is kind of what Claudebot does. The
memory wasn't great and yeah, I
personally think it's all hype. I think
the potential is there. Something like
Claude Co-work is much safer to use and
you can actually see what's happening.
Okay. So, you can see here that it has
had a look at my calendar and is
summarizing my week and it's also said
it's I'm going to update the memory to
give me the full picture. Sweet. All
right. So, just to recap what you have
learned today, we cleaned up a disaster
that was my downloads folder. We chopped
up a podcast into ready to post short
form clips with captions and hashtags
ready to go. We analyzed 10 episodes of
my podcast and found a dozen content
gaps I didn't know I had. We ran a full
brand voice audit on my emails, built an
eight email campaign and posted the
whole thing to notion. And then finally,
we set up a productivity dashboard
pulling from my email and Google
calendar as well as my notion dashboard
where all of my business lives. That's
five different tools. That's one tool in
one tab. And honestly, we barely
scratched the surface of what Claude
Co-work can do. There are plugins for
sales, finance, legal, and customer
support. And you can build your own. I'm
going to do another episode where I go
deep into skills and plugins because
there is so much there. If you're
watching this and you're, "Okay, I get
it. AI can actually do stuff now, but I
don't know where to start with my own
business." That's literally what I do. I
help women entrepreneurs build AI first
businesses and systems that actually
work for their business. Not theory, not
prompting tips, real life systems and
implementation like you just saw. So I
do that with consulting and I also have
a membership where we do this stuff
together every single month. I will drop
the link below into the description and
if you want my one-on-one consult link
that's down there, too. If this was
useful, make sure you subscribe and like
this video cuz that helps my channel
grow. And I hope you enjoyed looking at
all the ways Claude Co-work can help you
grow your business without hiring a
team. I will see you on the next